=head1 NAME

clipmed - X selection history daemon

=head1 SYNOPSIS

clipmed [-hd] [-n size of the history] [-s /path/to/socket.sock] [-f /path/to/clipmerc] [-u user] [-p pass]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

clipmed is a daemon that listen for xevent "selection change" and store selection history
in a buffer. Stored items should be retrive via an unix socket. clipmed communication
use the netstrings format.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<-h> display a short help text

B<-d> run as a daemon

B<-n> specify the size of the selection history (default 20) 

B<-s> specify an alternate socket (default is /var/tmp/$USER.cmsock)

B<-f> specify an alternate config file (default is ~/.clipmerc or ~/.config/clipmerc)

B<-u> twitter user name (for use twitter feature)

B<-p> twitter password

=head1 PROTOCOL

clipmed understands the following commands

B<get [arg]> where arg is an integer. Return the "arg" entry from the
selection history. If arg is not given return all entries. 
First entry is 0. 

B<siz> return the number of items store in selection history.

B<del> clear selection history.

B<set arg> push the srting "arg" in selection history

B<twt arg> post item number "arg" on twitter. 
twt need user and pass to be set as daemon options.
This feature is just a devloppement sample for a future 
plugin architecture. It should change.

Commands and replies are send in netstrings format :

	size:string,


=head1 EXAMPLES

Get all items from a daemon listening on /home/me/.me.sock

	echo -n "3:get," | nc -U /home/me/.me.sock

Get the first item

	echo -n "5:get 0," | nc -U /home/me/.me.sock


=head1 EXIT STATUS

clipmed returns zero on succed and a non zero value on failure.

=head1 KNOWN BUGS

Currently clipmed don't exit properly. It's an Xlib
related bug we are working one.

=head1 AUTHOR

Joris Dedieu <joris@gmail.com>

=head1 SEE ALSO

clipme(1), clipmerc(5), xclip(1), xsel(1)
  

