=head1 NAME

clipme - clipmed command line client

=head1 SYNOPSIS

clipme [-s /path/to/socket.sock] [-f /path/to/clipmerc] [command [args]]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A c client for managing clipboard selection history. clipme
connect to clipmed socket, send the command and print the 
result in stdout.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<-h> display a short help text

B<-s> specify an alternate socket (default is /var/tmp/$USER.cmsock)

B<-f> specify an alternate config file (default is ~/.clipmerc or ~/.config/clipmerc)

=head1 USAGE

if a command is given clipme send the command to clipmed socket 
and print the result in stdin

Command should be one of :

B<get [arg]> where arg is an integer. Return the "arg" entry from the
selection history. If arg is not given return all entries. 
First entry is 0. 

B<siz> return the number of items store in selection history.

B<del> clear selection history.

B<set arg> push the srting "arg" in selection history

B<twt arg> post item number "arg" on twitter. 
twt need user and pass to be set as daemon options.
This feature is just a devloppement sample for a future 
plugin architecture. It should change.

If no command is provide clipme wait for one in stdin

=head1 EXAMPLES

Get all items from a daemon listening on /home/me/.me.sock

	clipme -s /home/me/.me.sock get

On an alternate way

	echo get | clipme -s /home/me/.me.sock 

Clear the history an use /home/me/.clipme.conf as a config file
	
	clipme -f /home/me/.clipme.conf del

=head1 EXIT STATUS

clipme returns zero on succed and a non zero value on failure.
Most common error messages are "Protocol error" if an incorrect 
command is given and "Out of range clip" if a clip > siz is asked.

=head1 AUTHOR

Joris Dedieu <joris@gmail.com>

=head1 SEE ALSO

clipmed(1), clipmerc(5), xclip(1), xsel(1)
  

